c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.exe.config
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\ScorchedEarthSpawns.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\TheCenterSpawns.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RconSharp.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RconSharp.Net45.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\PvpArenaOutside.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\PvpArenaWaitingRoom.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEasternIslets.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEastUnderwaterBubble.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEdgeOfWorld.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterFloatingIsland.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterHalfBurntIsland.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesMid.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesNorth.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesSouth.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterLavaBiome.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterNorthSnowyMountain.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterPenguinPond.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterRedwoodForests.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterScorchedIsland.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSecludedIsland.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSETrench.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSkullIsland.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSnowyGrasslands.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSouthSnowyMountain.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSouthUnderwaterBubble.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTheBridge.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTropicalIslandNorth.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTropicalIslandSouth.png
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterUndergroundWorld.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEasternIslets.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEastUnderwaterBubble.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterEdgeOfWorld.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterFloatingIsland.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterHalfBurntIsland.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesMid.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesNorth.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterJunglesSouth.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterLavaBiome.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterNorthSnowyMountain.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterPenguinPond.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterRedwoodForests.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterScorchedIsland.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSecludedIsland.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSETrench.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSkullIsland.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSnowyGrasslands.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSouthSnowyMountain.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterSouthUnderwaterBubble.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTheBridge.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTropicalIslandNorth.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterTropicalIslandSouth.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\CenterUndergroundWorld.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\PvpArenaOutside.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\PvpArenaWaitingRoom.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\ScorchedEarthSpawns.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\images\TheCenterSpawns.png
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.exe.config
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.exe
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\ArkBot.pdb
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RconSharp.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RconSharp.Net45.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.exe
C:\Users\Brian\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ArkBot\ArkBot\obj\Debug\ArkBot.pdb
